support to run kruise-manager locally (#103)
openkruise/kruise: docs/debug/README.md

# How to DEBUG

## DEBUG: start with process locally

Start kruise-manager process locally, it can connect to a local or remote k8s-cluster.

**Set up hostname**

First, you should think of a fake hostname for your local machine, such as `power-machine`.

> Add this line into `/etc/hosts` file in which machine that runs kube-apiserver:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add this line into `/etc/hosts` file in dev machine that runs kube-apiserver or minikube:
```
I have tested that this changes works for dev box that runs minikube without running apiserver directly.

Author: Even if you configure your dev machine using minikube, then this it the machine that runs kube-apiserver.

My point is that we have not to care where the kube-apiserver runs. It may runs in local or dev machine started by minikube, or in pods of a k8s cluster, it doesn't matter.

```
IP_OF_YOUR_LOCAL_MACHINE power-machine
```

> 

Reviewer: Please add the following:

Note: "IP_OF_YOUR_LOCAL_MACHINE" cannot be loop device ip 127.0.0.1

Author: Do you mean if we execute `make run` in machine A and the minikube is deployed in machine B, then we should put `IP_OF_A  power-machine` into `/etc/hosts` of B, instead of `127.0.0.1 power-machine` ?

Reviewer: I mean put
127.0.0.1 power-machine
in /etc/hosts does not work。we should put 
ETH_IP power-machine

Someone may think 127.0.0.1 is also the IP_OF_YOUR_LOCAL_MACHINE.

Author: done
